Suggestion to add a battery counter (#8)
hendrikmi/tmux-cpu-mem-monitor: README.md

- `-t, --total`: Display disk usage as used/total in GB instead of a percentage.
- `-f, --free`: Display free disk space in GB.

### `#{battery}` Placeholder
- `-t, --time`: Display the remaining battery life time.
- `-p, --percentage`: Display the remaining battery percentage.

## Examples

```bash

> set -g status-right "#{cpu} | #{mem} | #{disk} | #{battery}"

Reviewer: Let's not add it in this example since the screenshot doesn't show battery.

- `-t, --total`: Display disk usage as used/total in GB instead of a percentage.
- `-f, --free`: Display free disk space in GB.

### `#{battery}` Placeholder
- `-t, --time`: Display the remaining battery life time.
- `-p, --percentage`: Display the remaining battery percentage.
- `-l, --long`: Display the remaining battery as a sentence.

> - `-c, --compact`: Display the remaining battery using and icon.

Author: ```suggestion
- `-i, --icon`: Display the remaining battery using and icon.
```

It should of course be "an" and not "and", but should this argument be renamed to "icon" perhaps? Thoughts?
